Added English translation for notification documentation (#8223)
omegaup/omegaup: frontend/www/docs/How-to-add-new-notifications.md

The `Notification.vue` component must be able to display all pending notifications for a user.
To achieve this, these notifications must first be loaded into the `Notifications` table in the database. The `contents` field of each element in this table is a JSON that must have the following structure:

```
{
  type: notificationType,
  any_field: valueOfAnyField,
}
```

> The `type` field will tell the `Notification.vue` component what format the notification should have (with image, without image, image on the right, without date, etc). It's important to know that this format will only work if the appropriate styles are created/adjusted in the mentioned Vue component.

Reviewer: Would it be possible for you to add the full list of types that currently exist? Or at least most of them, so they’re easy to identify.

Author: The list is based on the Notification.vue file, right?

Reviewer: That's right. For now, it seems we only have:
```ts
    switch (this.notification.contents.type) {
      case 'general_notification':
        return this.notification.contents.url || '';
      case 'badge':
        return `/badge/${this.notification.contents.badge}/`;
      case 'demotion':
        // TODO: Add link to problem page.
        return '';
      default:
        return '';
    }
```

Author: Done!

The `any_field` can have any name you want, it works as a "payload", carrying the relevant information for the notification to be properly displayed.

> For example, in: https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/blob/master/stuff/cron/assign_badges.py#L66

Reviewer: I've noticed that these permalinks aren't very useful over time, since their content may change in the future (unless a specific commit is referenced). So, would it be possible for you to add the example code instead? Same goes for the other permalink in this document.

Reviewer: For now, let's leave it like this. It seems the lines still match

Author: Okey

```
{
  'type': 'badge',
  'badge': 500score
}
```
The notification indicates that it is of type badge and the `badge` field works as a payload to indicate it's for the `500score` badge.

From the `Notifications.vue` component, this is supported through: https://github.com/omegaup/omegaup/blob/master/frontend/www/js/omegaup/components/notification/Notification.vue#L58, and the various styles that are applied.

> If you have any questions, it's better to post them in the #depto_tecnico channel on our Slack :)

Reviewer: Now this is the channel name in Slack:
```suggestion
If you have any questions, it's better to post them in the #ingenieria channel on our Slack :)
```
